Issue 1330 documentation changes (#3243)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/configure/configure-otel-collector.md

When using the [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/), you can write metrics into Mimir via two options: `prometheusremotewrite` and `otlphttp`.

> Use the `prometheusremotewrite` exporter when possible because the remote write ingest path is tested and proven at scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remote write ingest path is tested and proven at scale. Therefore when possible, it is most performant to use the `prometheusremotewrite` exporter.
```

Reviewer: Please vet for technical accuracy.
